Add note about network permissions web platform (#246)
connectrpc/connectrpc.com: docs/dart/getting-started.md

## Prerequisites

- [The Buf CLI][buf-cli] installed, and include it in the `$PATH`.

> - [Flutter][flutter] installed and setup for atleast one platform other than web.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Flutter][flutter] installed and setup for at least one platform other than web.
```
